# Lab 6: Serve your app
* This lab will continue to build upon the Todo application from the previous labs. We will be refactoring the previous work.
  
* We will be creating an express backend for your AngularJS todo app.  
  
1: Create a new directory (not inside of your todo app directory, on the same level as it) named todo_app.  
  
2: Run npm init on todo_app, and configure the defaults.  
  
3: Install and save the 'express' module
  
4: Move your Angular todo app directory inside of todo_app, rename it 'app_client'.  
  
5: Your ultimate file structure should look like this:  
  
```bash
├── app.js
├── app_client
│   ├── controllers
│   │   └── todosController.js
│   ├── directives
│   │   ├── myFooter
│   │   │   ├── myFooter.js
│   │   │   └── myFooter.template.html
│   │   └── todoRow
│   │       ├── todoRow.js
│   │       └── todoRow.template.html
│   ├── filters
│   │   └── completedFilter.js
│   ├── ngApp.js
│   └── services
│       └── todoService.js
├── app_server
│   ├── public
│   │   ├── css
│   │   │   └── bootstrap.min.css
│   │   └── js
│   │       └── angular.min.js
│   ├── routes
│   │   └── main.js
│   └── views
│       └── index.html
└── package.json
```
  
* **NOTE**: You may or may not be using bootstrap, irrespective of what your css file is, place it in the 'app_server/public/css' directory.
  
* **NOTE**: 'index.html' is in the 'app_server/views' directory
  
* Be sure to create an 'app.js' at the root of the project.  
  
6: Once your file structure is the same as above, we can configure the 'app.js' (don't worry, it doesn't take much), and then work through any pathing issues.  
  
* require and initialize express

* set static paths (2 of them...yes, that is ok), to `'__dirname + /app_server/public'`, and `'__dirname + /app_client'`  
  
* require 'app_server/routes/main.js' and mount it to the '/' path.
  
* in 'app_server/routes/main.js' create a get route that uses `res.sendFile(filePath, {root : __dirname})` to send your 'index.html'. Express' 'sendFile' method can be tricky to figure out, this is what the route should look like:
  
```javascript
router.get('/',function(req,res,next){
  res.sendFile('index.html', {
    root : 'app_server/views/'
  });
});
```
  
* add an error handler that responds to internal server errors with a status of 500
  
* finally, set you app to listen on the port of your choice.
  
7: Run you application, open the inspect tool, and fix any 404s for the resources.  
  
**When complete, your application will be running exactly the same as it did before...but better...because...internet.**  
  
#### Continue to [lab 7](_24_lab7.md)
